hello to all here asus do you stay
than three stars we change
composition I'm really happy to
to show you that it is very very beautiful and
it's new
so what can we see there then
already to give an idea we have a pk
in the clan castle we have two shutters
even we have wizards so we think of a
guinea pig except we have 18 pigs it's this
we call a similar wild pig
to the ghorayeb balloon that I had shown
for hdv 9 pig wave it's a
technique that works well but it's
also rather oriented hdv nine cantons to
the queen and lab gatling proves the
opposite
by achieving a very nice attack
nobert he total on this village
what makeup 10.8 to have not had
access the guns are upset team
rather go down when aj v8
what's the idea is bad idea it's a
little similar to an angola ball and then
is with your mini wipe so two
shutters hand pkr is your king and
some wizard the goal is going to be
to return a maximum in the village
ideally to the center for
neutralize amex defense trigger
giant bombs and once you're
in the center to shoot at your colleagues
your king all the defenses that are
today the age and suddenly during this
time there you can drop pigs
a little bit of a surgical way
if you have not seen said I invite you
to go see the guides on the compositions
a good pig m the deposition of
Wales has deposited some pigs
on the defense between 2 and 3 on each
defense all around the village and in
giant care spells once they
gather towards the center it's this
what will gatlin do so he will choose
attacked by the right which is a very
good idea since the purchase of two camps
and center and the right
if we think we have access rather
easy on the first two better
since if you let the sappers here
they will first break that first wall
this is the first wall brought 2 in
which defense
a building that
better so these two buildings there then
once that wall is broken and we
so again we ask the fire here
next nearest wall that encloses
buildings it will be this one it's
norbert with four sappers 4
breakout you can break two
million what will bring out the
castle of clans and then as we are
quite confined in this compartment
once these buildings are destroyed
it's very likely it's not
100% sure because you never know
with artificial intelligence but the
very great chance that the troops and 7
case it is this wall to enter the center
and that's exactly what we want
since if you get to bring to
center your golem and your king followed
wizard is behind to redo the
dps there is more to ask pigs
all around the village
a little bit here a little bit there
we have 18 so that's 6 on each side
so these three remaining sides and then
we manage the care centers
when we arrive at his village from me
I would have put a caring teacher by
here I'm lucky we're the bands
in addition to this compartment has it
maybe one here so it's a very
nice idea with and by the right
the 2nd on 200 for the paying pigs
or that's what I would have
does if you ever see that your mini
cheeky father alive you can ask
a healing spell on the golems his sorrow
keep them alive and ultimately even if
you do not be pigs come them
golems they have tram time that them
defends so it comes down almost or even
and that's what a gag did on a
deaf on the ip milk do not wait more
we look at how it happened
really a very good gameplay I like
a lot and it must give you ideas
to do the same thing so on the
village dress the two goals and who
are laid right away first
obviously it is they who have to
that they defends intertek hip hop
it's a worry the wizards very well
laid to clean the outside of the
village of ain outside the wall and no
not a right in front of one wants to leave
buildings there we want to return since
otherwise there are chances that your king of
leave the roof
now that the way is open with
the two sappers the four sappers one
put the pk and there we have our king both
goals ml pekin who will clean you
move forward and we wait longer we can
start at the surgical epo while
around the village pigs remains
patient on care spells the way
that pigs will surpass themselves every
peripheral defenses in the village he has
had between a first care the second
his presentation he with the banks know
almost even what it does not detonate in
same time we act as if it's nothing
everything and the village is already almost
completed it remains varied remains of
mortar the golems not even explode
so we still ask for two parts my
want to beleyme level 2 which is not
excluded and that is we are really very
wide and we move on to the phase of
cleaning that takes 50 seconds then
ideal hand could have kept some
wizard or even archers composes everything
around the village
we can not always know how that
will happen I 'll look at the beginning
the village and shave years in 2020 of
memory is very fast as in hd
very good web pig replay is exchanged that
makes me want to make a guide about
villages that are suitable for this type
of attac because attention is not
suitable for all villages but in
some compositions some
configurations we can do it and also
low long ears that works very
well
hdv fast when we have the integers who
are or will be grouped together in the center of
town
that I think it's the next guide
that I prepare you I imagine for beginning
next week so here is stay
on the secular channel and subscribe
as usual thanks the chain grew up
it really is really fun
was without Sunday we must arrive at
152 days later we creates it's
super I hope I will continue to
give you quality content you
to make learn things you do
advance on guard and clank to have
these famous three stars in gdc which
are synonymous of victory to very
soon for a next video